# AtlasProject_MentalHealth

When technology develops rapidly, the economy keeps growing. When people are enjoying a better and better material life. Does everyone feel happy? Sometimes we need to go back to people and focus on our spiritual side. What makes me think about this is When searching for all sorts of health data, I was struck by the steady increase in suicide rates in recent years. Let people have the courage to give up their precious lives. They must be suffering and struggling inside. What is behind the proportional increase in suicide rates? There are many reasons. What reminds me most is people's mental health.
> “Mental health includes our emotional, psychological, and social well-being. It affects how we think, feel, and act. It also helps determine how we handle stress, relate to others, and make choices. Mental health is important at every stage of life, from childhood and adolescence through adulthood.” (Source: mentalhealth.gov)

Mental health issues are important in addition to their impact on people's lives and physical. It is a type of disease that is often overlooked. Some of its subtle symptoms are not easy to be found by family and friends around. Its early symptoms include, eating or sleeping too much or too little, pulling away from people and usual activities, having low or no energy, feeling numb or like nothing matters, having excessive aches and pains, hopeless or hopeless, etc. Mental health problems are a common problem. It can be treated and rehabilitated.
The atlas suggests relationship between these possible factors and mental health from multiple perspectives. Possible factors include poverty, unemployment, medical facilities, and exercise habits. There are many types of mental health problems. And it is not just mental problems that cause people to commit suicide. But suicide is the worst consequence of the most serious mental health problems. The atlas extends data on suicide rates to mental health issues, showing some possible data and geographic distribution related to mental health, and hypothesis whether these possible factors are somehow related to suicide rates. The atlas includes information on suicide mortality rates in the us states, whether income affects people's mental health, whether the states with the highest unemployment rates have serious mental health problems and thus high suicide rates, and how health facilities and sport help mental health.
Based on data on suicide mortality rates in the United States, the map shows the distribution of high and low suicide rates in each state. New York state has the lowest suicide death rate. Wyoming has the highest data. It was followed by a detailed analysis of medical, sport facilities in New York City and Wyoming. It seems to illustrate that good medicine facilities contributes to people's mental health. Good exercise habits have a positive impact on mental health. While the figures are subject to error and there is no comparison of the number of medical treatments, the population base of the two states is dramatically different. But you can still draw some rough conclusions visually. Then, the atlas shows the
distribution of poverty and unemployment. Trying to figure out how they relate to suicide rates. The map showing the distribution and rates of poverty suggests that there is no direct link between poverty and mental health. Nor is unemployment a factor in mental health problem.
